Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture.
Let's get started with the solutions lecture for the finance operation.
So for the first question I ask you to read the file fruits underscored input which is again provided
to you in the course package.
If you guys go here you will find this in the course package you will find there is S&P 500 we're going
to use that and I'm going to use fruit's input file.
Right.
OK.
Looks good.
So let's go ahead and read that.
So again I'm going to say with open and I'm going to pass along the name of the file.
I'm going to say okay fruits underscore input dot text right.
And we're going to open that for reading purposes and we're going to say that as file.
Right.
And then we're going to do it to say OK now we open the file.
We're going to read file Dot.
I'm going to read lines right.
And whatever is going to be reading I'm going to put that into let's say fruits for example.
All right let's run.
That looks good.
And let's go ahead and just simply print fruits on that.
And that's what we're getting.
So basically we just got the entire content of the file.
It looks like it has you know like here's a list of fruits.
And then it started the list and then you know all the names of fruit apples you know Africa whatever.
You know like all these like like names of different fruits.
OK.
Looks good.
All right.
The next question is I ask you to read the file fruits input again and remove all the new lines.
Spaces and special characters and then save the output file foods the text.
OK.
Let's actually go and delete all of this.
Need instructions and this insert new cells and let's get started.
Let's open the file so we have done that before.
Let's copy it OK so we copy that.
Put it here.
All right.
And let's take a look at fruits again.
And that's our fruits again.
You guys take a look here.
Here we have here is a list of fruits we have started the list and so on.
If we keep scrolling down you will find that's pretty much all our.
Our file.
Right.
What I'm asking you to do is to simply go ahead and we wanted to remove all the backslash ends and he
wanted to remove you know that the the the backslash and then wanted to remove as well.
Any special characters.
So let's say exclamation mark in here.
We want to get rid of.
Let's see how can we do that.
So what we could do we could say OK let's do a little bit of an F. If condition.
All right.
That will go into fruits.
Take that they all of these elements.
And if you find backslash and just strip it just remove it from the fruits.
All right.
Let's see.
Can we do that we're going to take in the new fruits equal to and let's put it kind of in a form of
a string and let's see how can we do that.
All right.
Think of it this way.
Get to say okay for car in fruits.
So please go ahead into the fruits get every single element in there and put it in a character.
Right.
OK.
And then put the condition if you find backslash in if you find backslash n in there which means a new
line in car.
Right.
So if you find backslash and in-car what what are you going to do.
Take the car take the character and basically strip it out strip out from it the backslash and just
if you find backslash and just get rid of it just in a nutshell.
All right.
OK.
Let's run that looks good.
Let's take a look at fruits again.
And here you go.
If you check it out you will find that we got rid of backslash n which is perfect.
Now we wanted to simply go ahead and remove all the special for example characters in there.
OK.
All right.
So how can we do that and actually can remove as well.
For example like empty spaces here.
All right.
We could do.
Going to say OK the new fruit's again equals to what we could do let's write it again in that manner.
I mean I say OK for car and fruits take basically all these like you know different elements within
the fruits.
You can call it elements or characters or whatever and then you can say OK if you phone if you find
the car.
Character is not equal to empty.
So if it's not empty.
OK we'll get it right.
So if not empty Let's filter it think of it as a filter going to take a go for every element within
the fruits.
If you find any element not equal space ok not equal empty.
So that is something that is lemon that is lime.
That is you know like mango whatever.
Get it.
OK.
So we're going to return it back.
There is no.
That's the filter right.
So let's run that's.
Let's take a look at fruits you will find if you take a look here you will find that we got rid at least
of the spaces right so we don't have any empty elements which is good.
What we could do as well here is that we could actually copy that exact same stuff here.
Put it here and say okay go ahead do the exact same thing.
But what we could do we can you know that here for the exclamation mark contains only one element.
Right.
Like here this one contains only one element right.
Okay.
And we don't have any fruit that has only one character right.
We don't have that.
So what we could do that we can't if we count the number of elements which are the lengths of characters
and we found that not equals to one.
So if it's not if it's one we don't need it.
Right.
So if it's like this for example just one the length is one or the let's say there's one we don't need
it other than that we need it and that's pretty much the second filter.
Let's run that.
Let's look at it.
And here you go looks clean and looks perfect.
We don't have any spaces we don't have backslash ends and we don't have any exclamation mark.
What I'm asking you to do here this question as well that I'm asking you to save the output file into
fruits underscored output dot dot text.
That's actually pretty easy.
So now we have the fruits right.
So let's.
In such a couple of lines let's say OK with open let's open fruits let's call it fruits underscore out
the text.
You can call it whatever let's call it fruits on the score.
Our trial texts so we can look at it.
I'm going to open that file and can kind of create that file from scratch for writing purposes and I'm
going to say s file right.
I say okay every time for car in fruits let's go ahead and do file Dot.
Right.
So let's write down all the elements all the characters and let's add backslash and as well so we can
kind of you know like write them and my apologies.
That said so card plus NC Basically.
Go ahead take all the elements within fruit and write them just go ahead and write them to the file
and add new backslash and so you can add a new line in within the file.
Let's start on that.
Looks like something happened.
You know there's no error which is great.
Let's go here and let's take a look at the trial flutes out trial which is you know that we have just
created.
And here we go.
Here we have our beautiful file.
So here we have all the file that has no spaces no
exclamation marks looks great already.
Perfect.
Question number three I'm asking you to read the file again fruits the text but remove all the new line
spacing of them that all new remove all the special characters with them that as well.
But I want you to as well to remove any lines that does not represent the fruit so anything that does
not represent the fruit.
Let's remove it as well.
All right.
So in this case let's go ahead and actually open our our file that we just had right now.
So if you take a look at it.
OK.
This is the original file food is important.
We don't need this right.
We don't need here is a list of fruit fruits right.
We don't need start of lists.
We don't want to get rid of this.
And if you take a look here as well it looks good.
There is no problem.
So what we could do that we need just to remove these two lines right.
All right.
So again pretty much we're going to do the exact same thing as we have done before.
Let's actually I'll just sort of writing it down all of it again.
What I'm to do here is just get a copy solutions because it's pretty much the same rights I was going
to copy it and put it put it here and say OK well we could do here.
I'm going to say let's open the file.
So here we opened we open the file so with open fruits input the text we open it for reading purposes.
We read the lines right.
First step that we need to remove backslash n we remove that.
It's exactly the same as we have done before.
Second step we wanted to remove any spaces so any spaces we don't need it right here.
If we find the length of the words not equal once we can remove any exclamation marks.
Right.
And here you can actually do it manually.
You going to say Okay I know that there is.
End of lists.
Actually this end of list does not exist anymore.
Just keep it you know it won't hurt if you find start of list.
Just remove it if you find here is a list of fruits.
Just get rid of it.
That's pretty much it.
So pretty much an asking to go ahead and the fruits and just remove the first two lines and there is
end of list just remove it as well and then save it again to fruits out let's call it trial trial underscore
to fix for instance.
All right let's run that's key looks good.
Let's go ahead and open our file trial to and here you go you find that we got rid of the first two
statements and it is only pure fruits in here which is perfect.
That's exactly what I was looking for.
All right.
And that's pretty much all what I have for this lecture.
I hope you guys enjoyed it.
And the next lecture going can keep going and solve questions for till night.
See you guys in the next lecture.